fix(genapi): wording shared responsibility model (#5265)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/reference-content/security-and-reliability.mdx

Most of the time, any actions Scaleway carries out are automatic, e.g. updating configuration or upgrading software versions.

> Manual interventions might be required occasionally for troubleshooting reasons (such as specific customer requests generating errors or carrying out malicious activity). In this event, we may store temporarily and access full content of HTTP requests to identify a root cause issue or any security vulnerability. All Scaleway access is authenticated and traced following industry security standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manual interventions might be required occasionally for troubleshooting reasons (such as specific customer requests generating errors or carrying out malicious activity). In this event, we may temporarily store and access the full content of HTTP requests to identify a root cause issue or any security vulnerability. All Scaleway access is authenticated and traced according to industry security standards.
```
